Austin on it you you you you go there up
here
rikichi gonna go there right now even
rigged the hell to it even when you
access for them you uh you do you you
invoke a process called red blood red
blood cell mountains when I raise
negative mother gets impregnated by a
higher positive father and her immune
system since red blood cells across the
placenta to literally kill and terminate
the child now when you're dealing with
red blood cell monsters I deal with
genetic engineering I have two giant
books red blood cell ounces is a disease
that only exists within genetically
engineered animals I give an example a
mule is a cross between a horse and a
donkey but when you are pregnant a mule
the red blood cell analysis in the mule
causes it the killer's phone offspring
because it's not supposed to be
Europeans are genetically engineered
they're genetically splicing
specifically with chimpanzees and
muskrats so that being said they kill
their own offspring so now watch the for
him when you mix blood and semen with
the European the and B antigens because
the eight antigen comes from whooping
the B antigen comes from monkey they're
a and B antigens within the bloodstream
of the European literally begins to
break down the protein in African blood
so you think your blood every time you
ejaculate into a white woman or vice
versa
so you literally destroy yoga so even if
you say well we are kind of who we want
to love what lover and you're killing
yourself on the corner on a circulatory
level and
affecting your blood geological know our
H+ is like being HIV father which means
you had our H is medically turned I'm
not making this up on rate stands for
rhesus monkey blood if you spell rhesus
it starts with arranged rhesus monkey
blood comes from my actual monkey called
the rhesus monkey so how did you obtain
monkey look if right now I can't go have
sex with a monkey and get it pregnant
because life you were genetically
manufactured by exertion dress girls is
harder that may be the same as the truth
and do rape in Slate reinforcement
sexual reproduction with us
they are tainted our blood so now you
might be be positive and she might be
negative and you have sex right and now
she has to get we called a rhodium shot
when the wrong game shot does it tells
the immune system to fall back and not
kill her baby so how do like you who was
laundering same old negative become
infected with Rh positive blood from the
European so even by loving the European
you kill your motherfucking self so you
can't hate him you can't nothing you
can't love a man hate them only thing
you can do is get away from nigger not
guilty no I don't really sound so crazy
now saying stop spring I can't live with
you cuz you need my organs to live you
can't live under the side and then
you're gonna hate me cuz I can and then
if I do love you I have sex with you I'm
killing my I'm killing myself so what do
we do we separate them just like your
fingering on that nice they don't say
nothing oh I got nice to interact with
you motherfuckers on I can't if I wanted
to and then for you at all
we need to step away from them the Sun
won't do what I need to do you go to
stand cancer.org his steaks in a disease
what they called melanoma which
basically is a medical condition when
you like melon like the African
you get skin cancer because the melon
ate in our epidermis layer of our skin
helps us to perform is called ultra-fast
internal conversion this is when your
skin converse 99.9% of UV rays
throughout your body in an equal manner
and electromagnetic energy
white people cannot do this so they get
skin cancer so this is what skin cancer
comes from so now why is this important
every 57 seconds one European dies from
skin cancer so if these motherfuckers
drop in every 57 seconds you don't think
they snatching kids up every 30 seconds
celeb sir so come on now the roster I
mean I can't get his name to one raps
out he or his Tim Harris transplant
right now so when you find little boys
rows of it matched in high school what
they organs missing it don't seem so so
mysterious why that would happen
so gave me a sterling so we need to get
the fuck away from these motherfuckers
as fast as possible and if not I'll be
away you niggas mistake I know I know
I'm healthy shit
so we said when you go to the doctor
think about it all of a sudden why do
you why would they want to physically
why do you need to check on check on me
and then you can't even get your results
back from the doctor unless you request
other people not attack my father is
going to the doctor getting just
ordinary checkups and not even telling
you is wrong - they take it full of why
are you taking my blood and then what
the fuck you need my blood for in the
tube this is the lack of the button for
physical I didn't come here and tell you
something was wrong me why are you
taking shit from me and did not even
give me the results is because they put
you on a law so now what happened is
they might say okay this brother came in
he was 230 pounds he got this type of
blood type and his heart is this healthy
so now when this bitch has like man
comes saying I want to live I don't want
to die they gonna say well they're old
match kill him car accident taking
because think about it when you die
what's the first thing they do autopsies
what's the autopsy where they cut your
sternum your chest cavity open and they
remove shit ocean now I got a question
have I been shot in the head you know
how I died I got a bullet hole in my
goddamn head why the fuck is you open to
my chest
because when black people die they take
the organs melanin is those the number
one a cash cow in America right now
melanin is worth exactly two hundred and
fifty six dollars per gram let's go
that's right
worth more they're like platinum gold
silver copper anything that's a big
enough shades down on the gold and
platinum on it
not do the knowledge if you want to add
that up a hundred people about me
155 man on them scale the melanin is
worth twenty eight million dollars so
how much you weigh maybe first two
thirties are you about fifty million so
when you die so you so when you got a in
you boom
give me the Morgans autopsy we selling
them to the to the highest bidder so we
so why you think they got fast food
restaurants everywhere in the food guys
where you get your or you work so you
get a fat ass 400-pound black man a
black gonna have a heart attack that's
money this is why we need brothers like
him so when I'm saying keep ourselves
healthy so we don't need them in a
doctor all we are is cattle in America
that's all we've ever bitch even in
slavery you got more who they have mores
perform a fucking open heart transplants
and shit and they was taking big diesels
ladies and cutting them over and taking
the organ that put them in a slave man
so they've been harvesting us from day
one and never stop it just got more
secret about more sophisticated that's
right that's right so we need to
separate no paint no up we are the world
and bocoe cool cuz both I'm gonna need
you to react which one Hillary a truck
vote from need you so what I'm saying so
evil would eat that's why that's like
saying nigga what you want get Glock for
the pissed order of all but negative oh
don't kill me so we need a separate
category for cancer AIDS right
Oh respect right so we dealing with we
were fuqua science man we don't worry I
don't deal with opinions I'm not here to
be like white people who told me I was
ugly
no I'm dealing with your genetic and
biological makeup what it is you out
here going to survive and the part I'm
playing it and why don't need to be
around your less period from like the
spiders spiders suck the body fluids out
of flies you wouldn't ask a fly which
part are you gonna vote for the
tarantula or that one neither one but
still while but without I don't want to
be around like just looking at him now
I'm like okay they I know you need not
know something kill me cuz why you gotta
just watch a man watching watch how they
look at kids they be checking all your
healthy or strong feel me oh fucking
football players becoming a missing high
schooler because they breed us to become
healthy sup
and we trained to do that we want our
kids to be football players basketball
players then we are we doing is
physically preparing our kids for white
men to come say you you and you
so we got to get away from these
motherfuckers man because they harvested
it like aliens this is like sure there's
much make a movie about this shit they
probably would here's what you saying
well some people who in the day they
sound crazy but it's in reality do the
research see how I'm gonna fuck about
something crazy if don't nobody
understand that by now yeah cuz it's in
the books okay I got a 2,000 page
medical book and red blood cell hermanas
in there a couple time look it up red
blood cell our monitors was introduced
into the African blood line 6,000 years
ago to Europeans only 6,000 years oh so
we didn't have that before that
motherfucker came and nobody can account
for where he came from because even when
you say evolution how did you how did
black people go to the mountains and
lose skin pigmentation because due to
the knowledge now we're gonna use common
sense
so if skin if I study like frequency the
study of light frequency is called
cymatics I'm in it but outside of
cymatics if light actually determine
your skin pigmentation everybody on the
front would be chameleons we review
communities so everybody who lived in
California would be the same shade
during certain times of the year we
would be this year everybody would
change like chameleons dependent upon
summer wing I mean winter summer spring
and fall
so since nobody's changing colors in the
winter and summer we can cut we can hash
that out you got people in Alaska that's
pitch black I've been over there for
years and still have a negative blood
side who never came in contact with the
European and was there before that Lance
I think so we can act we can text data
so now also when you're dealing with the
Australian Research Center for HS DNA
they confirm to 2013 13 May 28th the
National Geographic got the European
genes only six thousand years old so
with that being said who the fuck was
evolving millions of years ago
so there is no evolution there let alone
even if I lost my skin pigmentation how
do I lose 4% of my DNA because remember
Africans I wonder if it's a human being
all night Africans are 96 percent even
being forced in the airlock Honda
African go to Alaska and come back a
fucking night out
that don't happen like that feel what
I'm saying so with that being said it's
a lot of shit yeah people keep saying
this right Ukraine you ain't doing no
reason you ain't no signs so uh we need
to get the fuck away for I feel I don't
know how to say we need to get the fuck
away
hit the fucker run no integration
separation and if you can't get away
lease hold a ass away from you we need
to start say ok we can't leave oh this
is our block don't come down hard rock
same way to suburbs go you're gonna
start over you pull it over they should
be in a hug game stop wait would you do
enjoy talking over here no I got to make
sure we clean hood make it real clean up
to clean them niggas up good water
niggas is easy all you got to do is come
on everybody we don't pray whoever come
pray all y'all who ever come out and
pray you niggas is not making it back
come on barbecue that's right sir and
then next we're gonna do a test we're
gonna do a mercy test not all white
people are like that whoever back me up
all y'all niggas gotta go girls go
next we go ever looks in there we are
fucking money up because that's my nigga
you guys to go to jump tricking niggas
bring out my accident that's what the
white man do trick niggas they do shit
and whoever get mad they say time the
leaders coming they kill a black man
right now me and said he gonna be the
first things you like what the fuck but
they know don't need it governor
governor dumb the rebels there's all
them niggas quick we don't gotta worry
about if we guys are doing the same
thing the niggas in the community right
we come that's right yes the tricking
niggas kind of forcing it you know but
don't Allen crazy I don't know what I'm
talking about this brother it's not
crazy I'm great so this one that's right
so deal with just I mean we don't know
with science and what you can prove I'm
not here to tell you no whole what I
think about like you I'm here to tell
you what they made up of these niggas is
made up of wolf DNA and monkey DNA and
without even knowin science if it rained
your opinion smell like wet dog this is
the fact this is a fact
so notice my like wait dog if you don't
have dog how do you do that if you take
can you take a hair follicle of Africa
irony is made up of flocculants and
static electricity if you put it under a
super microscope it doesn't have the
genetic signature of any other entity on
the planet if you take one hair follicle
from a European foot on the microscope
it matches it perfectly with the dog
canine here's friend so how did you get
dog DNA if we can't have sex with a dog
right now reproduce it's called genetic
engineering now how do we know because
the creation is always in the nature of
the creator white people that's all they
do is engineer shit that's all they do
because that's where they come from they
don't have a connection to creator so
everything they do is artificial just
like them so they don't they don't date
date wasn't satisfied with normal food
now they got GMO okay it wasn't
satisfied with regular clouds now they
got artificial grass clouds it wasn't
even when you're dealing with a car when
you put two cars together that don't go
together they call it a hybrid murder
when Jordans and Nikes came out and it
for them together what they call them
hybrid a hybrid is when you put two
species together that would never go
together naturally it's called
engineering and I got a video of a
European emitter guy he's a Neanderthal
hybrid out his mouth he fills out a
Morse application to Washington DC for
the United governments to United States
government to acknowledge them as amour
the United States government shot him
down said no cuz you're not black and he
said I'm like Neanderthal hybrid and I
have lineage to some tribe and I should
have been accepted I don't give a fuck
about your trial
I care about the fact that you
acknowledge that you are in the and
earth are hybrid because we go into the
definition of the word that we find the
deadline right here it's called a
feedlot
but we find a dead frog it's called an
amphibious Edition acres a reptile a
dead monkey is a Neanderthal so you're
acknowledging that you are a primate
who has been genetically engineered
because a hybrid once again my
definition is two species who are
naturally come together just like so why
don't know what it is with this dumb
nigga ain't the same as you and I ain't
the same as a nigga later the same as
you so once again we need to something
else
separate run for the hills
that's it ain't no other way thankless
oh I appreciate you I have enough
yes preacher shoutout to the cameraman
or do you know around children that's
right
haha nice domme Farrell that's right all
[Music]